Update input-kafka.asciidoc (#174)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka: CHANGELOG.md

## 11.3.4

>   - Update input-kafka.asciidoc [#174](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/174)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Specify that only headers with UTF-8 encoded values are supported in extended decoration [#174](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/174)
```
